now these are the priests and the
Levites who came up with zerubbabel the
son of shealtiel and jeshua suryya
Jeremiah Ezra a Mariah Malik pettish
Scheck Anaya Rehim Mary Mothe Widow
Guinness oi Abijah fishermen
mayor daya Bilger Shania joy Arab
Jedediah salut
Emma hill Chaya and Judea these were the
heads of the priests and their brethren
in the days of Joshua
moreover the Levites were Jeshua been UI
kadmiel Jeremiah Judah and mattaniah who
led the Thanksgiving Psalms he and his
brother also back buchaiah and uh nigh
their brethren stood across from them in
their duties Joshua begot Joachim joy
achim begat Elijah Elijah cheb begat
Joya de Goya de he got Jonathan and
Jonathan begat Joshua now in the days of
joy acum the priests the heads of the
fathers houses were of suryya Moriah of
Jeremiah Hananiah of Ezra Michelin of a
Moriah jiha Haman of Melek you Jonathan
of Shaban aya Joseph of harem aDNA of
Marea 'the alkane of edo zechariah of
kenneth on ms shulam of Abijah zik right
the son of min Djimon of more dire pill
time of Bilger samuel of shamaya Shahana
'then of Gioia rib matinee of Judea as I
of Sally I Calais I of a mock Eber of
Hilkiah Pasha by ax and of Judea
Nathanael during the reign of dereyes
the Persian a record was also kept at
the Levites and priests who had been
heads of their fathers houses in the
days of Elijah
joyeux de Johannine and Jaguar the sons
of Levi the heads of the fathers houses
until the days of johanan the son of
Elisha cheb were written in the book of
the chronicles and the heads of the
Levites were hash abaya share abaya and
Joshua the son of kadmiel with their
brothers across from them to praise and
give thanks Group alternating with group
according to the command of David the
men of God
mattaniah back boo kya Obadiah muscial
'm Talman and Akkad were gatekeepers
keeping the watch at the storerooms of
the gates these lived in the days of joy
acum the son of joshua the son of
josedech and in the days of nehemiah the
governor and of Ezra the priest the
scribe
now at the dedication of the wall of
Jerusalem they sought out the Levites in
all their places to bring them to
Jerusalem to celebrate the dedication
with gladness both with Thanksgivings
and singing with cymbals and stringed
instruments and harps and the sons of
the singers gathered together from the
countryside around Jerusalem from the
villages of the notified from the house
of kill Gow and from the fields of giba
and Asma death for the singers had built
themselves villages all around Jerusalem
then the priests and Levites purified
themselves and purified the people the
gates and the wall so I brought the
leaders of Judah up on the wall and
appointed two large Thanksgiving choirs
one went to the right hand on the wall
toward the refuse gate after them went
Hosea and half of the leaders of Judah
and Azariah Ezra Michelin Judah Benjamin
shamaya
Jeremiah and some of the priests sons
with trumpets Zechariah the son of
Jonathan the son of Shania the son of
mattaniah the son of Makia the son of
zakir the son of Asaph and his brethren
shamaya as arel milla lie gillo lie may
i
Nathanael Judah and Helena with the
musical instruments of David the man of
God Ezra the scribe went before them by
the fountain gate in front of them they
went up the stairs of the City of David
on the stairway of the wall beyond the
house of David as far as the Watergate
eastward the other Thanksgiving choir
went the opposite way and I was behind
them with half of the people on the wall
going past the Tower of the ovens as far
as the broad wall
and above the gate of ibrahim above the
old gate above the fish gate the tower
of Hanano the tower of the hundred as
far as the sheep gate and they stopped
by the gate of the prison
[Music]
so the to thanksgiving choirs stood in a
house of God
likewise I and the half of the rulers
with me and the priests Alya Kim may
Asiya min German makea le o ni Zechariah
and Hananiah with trumpets also may
Asiya Shania Eleazar as I gia hainan
malkia Elam and easer the singers sang
loudly with jazz Raheja the director
also that day they offered great
sacrifices and rejoiced for God had made
them rejoiced with great joy the women
and the children also rejoiced so that
the joy of Jerusalem was heard afar off
and at the same time some were appointed
over the rooms of the storehouse for the
offerings the firstfruits and the tithes
to gather into them from the fields of
the cities the portions specified by the
law for the priests and Levites for
Judah rejoiced over the priests and
Levites who ministered both the singers
and the gatekeepers kept the charge of
their God and the charge of the
purification according to the command of
David and Solomon his son for in the
days of David and Asaph of old there
were Chiefs of the singers and songs of
praise and thanksgiving to God in the
days of zerubabbel
and in the days of nehemiah all Israel
gave the portions for the singers and
the gatekeepers a portion for each day
they also consecrated holy things for
the Levites and the Levites consecrated
them for the children of Aaron
you